Add accessReviewNotificationRecipient (#12695)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/accessreviewnotificationrecipientscope.md

---
title: "accessreviewnotificationrecipientscope resource type"
description: "Represents who will receive access review notifications."
author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessreviewnotificationrecipientscope resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

[!INCLUDE [accessreviews-disclaimer-v2](../../includes/accessreviews-disclaimer-v2.md)]

> The `accessReviewNotificationRecipientScope` represents a base class for defining users who will receive notifications on instances of [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) objects. It is inherited by 
> [accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope](../resources/accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **accessReviewNotificationRecipientScope** represents a base class for defining users who will receive notifications on instances of [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) objects. It is inherited by [accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope](../resources/accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope.md).
```

> 
> ### JSON representation

Reviewer: Restoring the deleted H2s but indicating **None**.
```suggestion
## Properties
None.

## Relationships
None.

## JSON representation
```

---
title: "accessreviewnotificationrecipientscope resource type"

> description: "Represents who will receive notification for access reviews."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Represents who will receive access review notifications."
```

Author: fixed.

author: "isabelleatmsft"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# accessreviewnotificationrecipientscope resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

[!INCLUDE [accessreviews-disclaimer-v2](../../includes/accessreviews-disclaimer-v2.md)]

> The `accessReviewNotificationRecipientScope` represents a base class for defining who will receive notifications on instances of [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) objects. Supported derived 
> types:
> - **accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope** is a derived type of `accessReviewNotificationRecipientScope` that is expressed as an OData query. It allows notification recipients to be specified as a static list of users (i.e., specific users, group owners, group members).

Reviewer: Info on the child resource can go to the child resource's page.
```suggestion
The `accessReviewNotificationRecipientScope` represents a base class for defining users who will receive notifications on instances of [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](accessreviewscheduledefinition.md) objects. It is inherited by **accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope**.
```

Author: fixed.

> - **accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope** is a derived type of `accessReviewNotificationRecipientScope` that is expressed as an OData query. It allows notification recipients to be specified as a static list of users (i.e., specific users, group owners, group members).

Reviewer: Link to accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope

## accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope resource type
### Properties
| Property | Type | Description |
| :-------------------------| :---------- | :---------- |
| query | String | This represents the query for what the recipients are. See table for examples. |
| queryType | String | The type of query. Example,  `MicrosoftGraph`. |
| queryRoot | String | In the scenario where reviewers need to be specified dynamically, this property is used to indicate the relative source of the query. This property is only required if a relative query (i.e., ./manager) is specified. |

### Supported queries for accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope

|Scenario| query | queryType | queryRoot |
|--|--|--|--|
| Group member as notification recipient | /groups/{group id}/members |MicrosoftGraph||
| Specific user as notification recipient | /users/{user id} |MicrosoftGraph||

> 

Reviewer: Since this if info for accessReviewNotificationRecipientQueryScope, move it there.
